Previously on "how to get away
with murder"...
A woman's body was found inside
the kappa kappa theta house.
Arrest record on Rebecca sutter
shows a history of drug charges.
Rebecca:
What's that?
Wes: A Christmas card
for Rudy.
Why wouldn't his relatives know
he doesn't live here anymore?
Why are you obsessing
about Rudy?
You said you didn't know him.
Because i didn't.
Bryce: You recognize
this ring?
Annalise: I gave it to my
husband on our wedding day.
Any idea why we found it
in the woods?
I'm on it.
Nate lahey, you're under arrest
for the murder of Sam keating.
Mama?
I need you.
[ Buzzer ]
Man:
Earlier this evening,
former Philadelphia detective
Nate lahey
was arrested at his residence
in connection with the death
of middleton university
professor Sam keating,
a man whose wife Mr. lahey
reportedly had an affair with.
Currently,
officers are searching
Mr. lahey's home and vehicle
for additional evidence
that may link him
to Sam keating's murder.
You know the drill.
[ Door opens ]
Frank:
What's wrong?
It was you, right?
You put Sam's ring in the woods?
You want to come in?
No.
I won't try anything.
It's not that.
I just...
Thank you.
Man: Cough.
[ Coughs ]
That better not be real.
It's apple cider.
What are we celebrating?
My sobriety.
It has been a month.
Can't fake alcohol
be like a trigger or something?
Wow. You even know
how to kill a natural high.
[ Cork pops ]
[ Both chuckle ]
Man: Scabies infestation
a few weeks back.
Close your eyes.
[ Coughing ]
Rebecca: I-i only talked to him
a couple times.
Yeah, no,
i-i-i understand,
i just don't know
what to tell you.
Yeah.
I'll be there.
The police?
They saw that i called
Nate's phone that night.
[ Indistinct shouting, banging ]
Tough guy,
I'll make you my bitch.
[ Shouting, banging continue ]
[ Handcuffs click ]
[ Door opens ]
Anna?
Anna, you there?
Frank:
Can i help you?
You always leave the door open
for folks to walk in
off the street?
Excuse me?
Huh?
With all the murderers
and criminals
y'all got around here,
it seems to me you could be
a little more careful.
All you need
is another dead body
stinking up the place...
I'm sorry, ma'am,
but we're not taking on
any new clients at present.
Clients? Don't you know
a v.I.P. When you see one?
V.I.P.?
Your boss came out of my "v"
and her daddy's "p."
So show a little respect
for her mama.
Now, my daughter...
Where is she?
[ Curtains open ]
Ophelia: So...
[ Chuckles ]
your no-count,
sorry-ass husband...
Who i said don't marry...
Couldn't keep his Peter
in his pants
and went and slept
with a white woman.
Then the fool goes and kills
the white woman
when he finds out that she has
his bun in her nasty oven.
And after that,
your ex-police boyfriend
kills the no-good husband
and gets himself arrested.
And you, now,
ain't got no husband,
ain't got no boyfriend,
and you holed up in this bed
like the queen of sheba.
Does that about cover it?
Oh, I'm all into this one.
I have to get lottie's grandson
to pull up the stories
on the Google.
I know what you been up to.
Calling me up,
talking about "i need you."
Hell yes.
Running around here
like you somebody.
Get up!
Smells like somebody's dying
in here.
[ Sniffs ]
Come on.
Get your butt up out this bed
and get in the shower.
Get up!
It's all right, baby.
Come on.
[ Sniffles ]
Mama's here now,
and everything's
gonna be all right, hmm?
[ Smooches ]
[ Sniffles ]
Nate's phone shows he talked to
Rebecca the day Sam died.
The police want her to come in
as soon as possible.
It's fine.
Annalise can prep her.
Frank says she hasn't left her
room since Nate was arrested.
Connor: Aww.
You know,
we should all go give her a hug
and thank her
for saving our butts.
How can you celebrate the fact
that an innocent man
might go to jail for us?
I'll go talk to her.
No, you won't.
She's sick,
and we have a new case to prep.
How? You just said
Annalise is sick.
I'm handling the case.
[ Knock on door ]
That must be our client.
Oh, yeah, dawgs...
Time to see the bonbon
get her legal eagle on!
[ High-pitched voice ]
Justice!
Jolene: I would turn my bedroom
into an i.C.U.,
make my little brothers pretend
to be trauma victims.
The idea of helping people
just always made me
feel better about myself,
which is why this is so hard.
I mean, doctors can kill
a patient and keep their jobs,
but for a nurse,
we don't get off so easy.
And i get it...
Why people would think
i did this.
I'm not the prettiest girl
in the room,
but this will ruin me.
I'll be forced onto
some sexual-predator registry.
But i didn't do what
that man says, i promise you.
I didn't rape him.
Winthrop:
Imagine you go into the hospital
for a routine surgery
and you wake up to find
your nurse on top of you,
sexually assaulting you.
Your genitals, exposed.
Imagine the degradation,
the humiliation.
That's what Chad Manning felt
when Jolene Samuels raped him
at his most vulnerable.
Chad Manning is not telling you
the truth, but i will.
Jolene Samuels is not a rapist.
She didn't even have sex
with Mr. Manning.
This case, rather,
is clearly about
Mr. Manning
trying to pressure
my client's employer
into a financial payout.
Because Jolene...
is a woman and Chad is a man.
But I'm gonna ask you to forget
everything you know about rape.
Is a heinous act
suffered by hundreds
of thousands of victims yearly,
some of whom
Jolene has cared for.
This is a crime not about sex.
It's about power.
And anyone can be a victim...
of slanderous allegations
that are unfounded
and could very well endanger
her livelihood.
For that reason, you should find
Jolene Samuels guilty.
[ Indistinct whispering ]
Not guilty.
That was a slip.
Excuse me.
My point being,
Jolene Samuels is innocent.
We will prove that to you.
So, she's no Annalise.
So Ms. keating is not the lead
lawyer on this case anymore?
She's under the weather.
Ms. winterbottom,
i work for the hospital.
If you lose this case,
you open us up to
an extremely large civil suit.
That opening statement
was an abomination.
It won't happen again.
I guarantee that.
A good lawyer knows
that there's no such thing
as a guarantee in a courtroom.
So just do better.
Dr. grimes,
you examined Mr. Manning
the day he reported
the sexual abuse?
Alleged abuse.
Alleged sexual abuse.
That's correct.
And you noted bruising
to Mr. Manning?
He had a large bruise
on his left testicle,
resulting from
the sexual attack.
Your witness.
Bonnie: Could you please read
this highlighted section
from Mr. Manning's
patient chart?
What medication does it say
he was given before surgery?
Heparin...
It's a blood thinner.
And can you confirm
that blood thinners
are known to cause bruising
post-surgery?
Yes, but...
bruising which could have easily
spread towards his testicles.
I wouldn't say
"easily."
But it could happen?
Yes.
Nothing further.
The prosecution has
an eyewitness
that claims he saw
Jolene raping Chad.
Mm. Someone got
a free peep show.
We need some way
to discredit this witness.
Frank?
Michaela: How are we going to
get Nate out of jail?
Laurel put you
up to this?
No.
I'm asking because we put
an innocent man in jail
and I'm assuming
Annalise wouldn't do that
without a plan in place
to get him off, right?
At least Laurel's charming
when she asks me
stupid questions.
Now shut up.
Here she comes.
Miss rosalynn?
You were dating a man named
James smalley several months ago
when he had surgery
at middleton hospital, correct?
Mr. smalley, is it true
your ex-girlfriend
took care of you
during your hospital stay?
James:
Rosalynn?
Yeah, but don't believe
anything that bitch says.
Judge: Sir!
So we shouldn't believe her
when she told us
that you suffered a t.I.A.
During your surgery?
Objection.
Due process...
It's relevant to his testimony.
Overruled.
So, did your doctors report
that you had
a t.I.A. That day?
Yes.
A t.I.A.
Is a small stroke.
Possible side effects
include memory loss,
vision impairment,
and disorientation,
all of which could explain why
Mr. smalley would have thought
he saw something he didn't.
The witness can be excused.
Annalise:
What are you doing?
You can't just take Sam's suits.
Don't tell me you saving them
for that sister of his.
Has she been skulking around
with that "i smelled
something bad" face yet?
I'm not ready to get rid
of his things just yet.
These suits are too good
to go to waste.
Stop it.
Thelonius can use them
for his job search.
I said stop it!
These are a man's possessions.
They're not just
cheap hand-me-downs
that you put in the poor box
at church.
You're too proud for
hand-me-downs from the poor box.
Everyone is too good
for hand-me-downs
in the poor box, mama.
Oh, you want
to sing that song again?
Forget it.
Our house burned down
to the ground,
and we were left with nothing.
And still your face was clean,
your belly was fed,
and your butt was covered.
I took care of you.
I protected you.
Did you?
What did you say?
Nothing.
Don't sass me, Anna Mae.
Annalise.
Anna Mae is a beautiful name.
Mama, how many times
have i asked you to call me...
This is
the first time...
no, this is not
the first time!
First time in person.
I never been invited
up in here, have i?
To Annalise keating's
fancy-ass rich house.
You get rich,
you give yourself a rich name...
Annalise.
Your name is Anna Mae.
Something else your mama
gave you from the poor box.
I'm not saying that the name
wasn't good enough.
I'm telling you
that i changed it,
and I'm just asking you
to respect
the fact that i changed it
and to honor my request...
What the hell
are you talking about?
"Respect the fact" and
"honor your request"?
Who the hell do you think
you are... Oprah?
I wiped your ass,
and I'll call you
anything i want.
[ Sighs ]
You know what, mama?
You go ahead
and you take Sam's things, okay?
Just take them all.
Anna Mae.
[ Sighs ]
Did you do it?
Do what?
Kill Sam.
You can tell mama.
God is the only judge.
How much is this rich house,
anyway, huh?
Too much, i bet.
Mr. Fowler, as the tech expert
assigned to this case,
did you find
any relevant evidence
on the defendant's
personal computer?
Uh, yes.
Last night, actually.
Bonnie: Objection.
I find the timing
of this discovery
extremely questionable.
That's for me to decide,
counselor.
Ms. Samuels' search history
disclosed
that she often visited
an online forum called
filthylittlesecret.Com.
I'm not familiar with that site.
Well, it's a forum
where users disclose details
of their sexual exploits.
Including rape?
Objection...
Lack of foundation
until the evidence is presented
to the court.
Thank you for the drum roll,
Ms. winterbottom.
Mr. Fowler, can you confirm
that this is the online identity
created by Jolene Samuels
for this website?
Yes.
Her computer revealed
she chose the username
"freakynightingale."
Can you read the highlighted
entry she made here?
"A girl like me doesn't get
too many opportunities
"to have mind-blowing sex
in her life.
"So when i got the chance
"to screw one of the sexiest men
I've ever seen,
"i jumped on it...
"or rather, s-straddled it...
And i held on for dear life.
"It was truly the best sex
I've ever had.
And get this...
He was one of my patients."
Bonnie: "I balanced myself
on the tribal tattoo
"he sported on his shoulder.
"He winced in pain
from his surgery,
but i kept going."
Chad initiated the sex.
Continuing to lie to me
only hurts your case.
Have you seen me?
In what world
would anyone believe Chad
would even look at me?
But he did.
The hospital
really wants to settle.
Give Chad a good chunk of money,
the charges against you
will be dropped.
And then what?
I lose my job?
I get branded a rapist?
That's not necessarily...
My father
is an episcopalian minister.
My mother plays the church organ
every Sunday.
The fact that they know
I've had sex at all
is the most humiliating thing
I've ever been through...
Until i was accused of this.
They'll all think I'm a rapist,
and I'm not.
And i know that's hard
for you to believe,
especially
since I've lied to you,
but, please,
don't give up on me.
[ Sniffles ]
We need to prove that the sex
between Jolene and Chad
was consensual.
Connor:
But it wasn't.
We don't know that.
Jolene lied.
She humiliated you
in open court.
So we're going to need to prove
that Chad is a worse liar.
[ Indistinct arguing ]
Do you talk back to Annalise
when she asks you
to do something?!
Shut up, do your work,
and find something that shows
that Chad's story isn't true.
You mean
slut-shame the guy?
Exactly.
Thank you, Mr. millstone.
Teacher's pet, y'all!
Only 'cause the teacher's
a loser.
Aw, someone be jealous.
Would you sleep with her?
Bonnie?
Uh, i don't know.
Wh... uh, why would you
ask me that?
Not Bonnie...
Our client.
Yeah. Right.
Uh, i don't know.
Depends on how many brewskies
I've had.
Uh, can we please not talk about
having sex with our client?
Zero brewskies.
Okay, if I'm being
completely honest,
I've ridden some pretty
questionable strange in my day.
Now, do i regret it?
No.
Would i go back for seconds?
[ Inhales sharply ]
Only if Asher Jr.
Wants a little rodeo action.
[ Deep voice ]
Oh, yeah.
They call me "Mr. sex"
'cause i like to do it.
[ Ophelia laughs ]
No woman wants to be on
the receiving end of that.
Who... who are you?
I'm so sorry,
Mrs. harkness.
This is Annalise's mother.
You all clean up this mess.
It's like a pigsty.
Bonnie: Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
I mean, where is
the home training, huh?
[ Knock on door ]
Yes?
[ Door opens ]
Sorry to bother you.
It's okay.
Come on.
What is it?
The police called Rebecca in
to talk about Nate.
[ Sighs ]
When is she going in?
Today.
Well, tell her to stick
to her story,
just answer the questions
they ask...
Say no more or less.
I think it'd be better
if she heard that from you.
No.
You know exactly
how to handle her,
even more so than me.
But...
Ophelia:
I leave for one minute,
you got some boy-child
up in here
sniffing your drawers.
Mama, can you give us a moment?
You... out!
Wes...
You got this.
Mama, that was
one of my students.
Mm-hmm.
Somebody's always the student,
somebody's always the teacher.
That's how sex works best.
Wes: You okay?
Rebecca: Yeah.
I just have to tell them
i saw Nate kill Sam.
While I'm at it,
i can say he killed Rudy, too.
Rebecca...
I'm kidding.
Bryce: Ms. sutter?
I won't say anything stupid.
Bryce: When did you
first meet Mr. lahey?
December.
He accosted me in a corner store
like some kind of a creep,
said we had a common enemy.
I know you didn't kill
Lila stangard.
Help me catch him.
Did you feel Sam keating
was your enemy, too?
Not at the time.
But it made sense to you
that anyone else who
looked guilty for Lila's murder
only helped your case?
Of course.
I'm not stupid.
So you and Mr. lahey
formed an agreement?
I considered it...
We'll download
all his phone information.
And then i told him no.
I'll call you when i get it.
You think
he murdered Sam keating?
[ Grunts ]
Aah!
[ Panting ]
I didn't say that.
[ Breathes deeply ]
All right...
The truth...
He asked me to plant evidence
in the house.
I wouldn't do it, so he said
he'd find another way.
Sam's dead,
so... I guess he found one.
[ Keyboard clacking ]
God, the plaintiff is
really good-looking.
You should see the woman
we're defending...
Not so good-looking.
What?
Some people might say
the same thing about us.
What does that mean?
I mean, i practically work
for this Annalise woman
with all the hacking i do,
and you've never once
introduced me to her
or any of your friends there.
Well, they're not my friends.
Every minute you're not with me,
you're with them.
They're your friends.
Fine.
I'll introduce you.
But what am i supposed
to tell them?
That you're
my maybe future boyfriend
if you ever start trusting me
again or...
You didn't tell me
the rape guy's gay.
What?
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, my god.
Stare a little harder,
why don't you?
[ Chuckles ]
Can you confirm that this is you
in these photos, Mr. Manning?
It is.
And they're photos you posted
on humpr, a gay hook-up app?
Objection...
Relevance?
I'm simply trying to figure out
why Mr. Manning
hasn't told the prosecutor
or this court that he's gay.
Winthrop:
Your honor!
Judge: Counselors,
approach the bench.
Rape-shield laws
prohibit mention of
Mr. Manning's sexual orientat...
Mr. Manning hid
a fundamental fact about himself
that would have bolstered
his rape charge.
And if he lied about this,
he could also be lying
about being raped.
It's prejudicial.
The probative value
outweighs
any prejudicial effect.
I disagree.
Who he sleeps with
is irrelevant to this case,
and frankly, i find it
bordering on discrimination
for you to bring it up.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please disregard
Ms. winterbottom's
entire line of questioning
of Mr. Manning.
David:
You need to settle.
Tell Mr. Manning
to write down a number.
We'll pay him.
You're out of your depth here.
Get Annalise out of her sick bed
or wherever the hell she is
so she can fix this.
No.
Excuse me?
We're not settling.
The hospital...
Isn't my client.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
Fight the power, bon.
Why are you looking up when
Nate's arraignment is scheduled?
Michaela, please
don't do anything stupid.
When have i ever
done anything stupid?
Frank: The boss okay
with you dipping into her bar?
It works for her.
Just go talk to her.
And say what?
"I have no idea
how to win this case.
Please, mommy,
give me the answer"?
Maybe not in those words.
If i go up there,
she'll give me that look.
Then I'll start to cry
and I'll have to quit.
Tell me that's not true.
Why'd you lie to me about Sam?
I asked you, to your face,
what happened,
and you said you didn't know.
We're not doing this
while you're wasted.
She told you
not to tell me, right?
You blame her?
No.
But it's why
i can't go up there.
[ Laughs ]
No, really. I'm impressed.
A prosecutor has to keep
a lot of plates spinning.
If I'm being honest here, Tammy,
I'm much better at cleaning them
than i am at spinning them.
[ Laughs ]
Well, maybe if I'm lucky,
I'll be assigned to one
of the cases you're arguing.
So, what's next on your docket?
The Nate lahey case.
The detective?
I've been obsessed.
Yeah,
you and the rest of Philly.
So where are you from
originally?
You know, i heard
that he did it for revenge.
You know i can't talk about it.
With civilians, yes,
but we're both
officers of the court.
I also heard he contacted that
Rebecca sutter girl to help him.
Or so she says.
What?
You don't believe her?
A girl like that?
Who the hell knows?
All we know is she told
the detectives that...
Nate tried to get her
to plant evidence on Sam,
and when she wouldn't,
he threatened to hurt her.
The assistant d.A. On Nate's
case told you this?
Yes.
Michaela, you can't just...
I told him i was a stenographer.
He knows nothing.
See? You're not the only one
who knows how to use sex
to get information.
Well, at least a Rebecca lie
finally helps us.
She didn't lie.
Did she tell you she didn't?
No, but i told her to only
answer the questions asked.
And Rebecca always
does what she's told?
Wes: I'll call her
right now.
And say what?
Does it matter?
I'll clear it up.
See, this is why
i don't do chicks.
It feels like you're just trying
to catch me in a lie.
I just have to tell them
i saw Nate kill Sam.
While I'm at it,
i can say he killed Rudy, too.
Desk clerk: You said the name
was Walters?
Wes: Rudy Walters.
He lived in my apartment
before me.
The police came to get him,
but no one ever contacted
his grandmother
or told her what happened.
[ Keyboard clacking ]
Here.
According to this, Rudy Walters
was picked up on a 5503.
Disorderly conduct
due to drug overdose.
He was taken
to middleton hospital
and then shipped to a
psychiatric hospital after that,
the Enfield behavioral hospital.
[ Slurps ]
Mm.
Lookee there, lookee there.
The dead has arisen.
You didn't used to drink.
Annalise drinks.
Where are all those folks
that work for you?
Why aren't they here?
They're at trial.
Without you?
Mama, does it look like
i can be at trial?
Does it look like
i can help anybody?
I'm just making talk.
It's a case about a man
who says he was raped
by a woman.
[ Chuckling ]
Oh, now, that's crazy.
Why, you don't think
women are capable
of that kind of violence?
Hell no!
Women?
Other things, yes...
But rape?
Unh-unh.
Men were put on this planet
to take things, you know?
They take your money,
they take your land,
they take a woman,
and any other thing
they can put
their grabby hands on...
That's men.
Women,
they're made to give love,
to nurture, to protect,
to care for...
That's women.
[ Chuckles ]
I say something funny?
Your definition of a woman.
I mean...
What have i ever nurtured?
What have i ever protected,
cared for, or loved?
What have you?
You really want
to sing this tune?
Mm!
I'll do the melody
if you do the Harmony.
How's that?
You're showing your ass,
Anna Mae.
You really think
you somebody, huh?
High and mighty
in this fancy, rich house
that i never got to...
No, no, mama.
All right?
Let's not go around
and around like this.
Let's just dive right in.
Did you know?
Uncle Clyde is dead.
Did you know what he did to me?!
He's dead!
Did you hear me?
And the lord made sure
he got what he deserved.
So you knew.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sniffs ]
[ Glass shatters ]
Ophelia: Anna Mae!
My sorry-ass husband might
have been a cheater and lowlife,
but he saw me,
why i am this way.
That man understood nothing.
Sam knew
exactly what happened to me
the minute i stepped into
his office... everything!
He said this thing that
happened to me, what you ignore,
is why i am the way i am.
Your aunt Lynn was got out
by her first-grade
schoolteacher.
Reverend Daniels got me
after choir practice.
The first man i worked for,
some of the men i dated.
I told you...
Men take things.
They've been taking things
from women
since the beginning of time.
Ain't no reason to talk about it
and get all messy everywhere.
Certainly no reason
to go to a headshrinker for help
and end up marrying him.
You ain't learned nothing.
No.
I learned Anna Mae
belonged in a hand-me-down box.
Go home, mama.
I don't need you.
I kept thinking...
If Manning's claiming rape
to get a payout,
maybe he's tried this before,
maybe even
with other hospital personnel.
So i went there to check
his pre- and post-op visits
to see if any notations
were made about him,
and when i found
his visitors log...
look at this.
He didn't go to
the doctor's office
all the times he visited.
He went to the legal floor.
Michaela:
That makes no sense.
Why would he visit
the hospital's lawyers
when he's making a case
against one of their employees?
It does make sense.
Your hacker boy at home?
Tell him we need his help.
Are you sure
this is going to work?
No.
But we'll both
feel really awesome if it does.
Bailiff: All rise.
Judge:
Ms. winterbottom,
i understand your client
is interested
in reaching a plea deal?
Yes, my client pleads no contest
to a reduced charge of assault,
which will be wiped
from her record
upon payment of restitution.
Ms. winthrop?
Mr. Manning
has already agreed.
True, but because
my client's employer
will be paying
the restitution costs,
i wanted the hospital's lawyer
to go on record
in your courtroom
agreeing to that.
Is the lawyer here?
David Tucker from
middleton hospital, your honor.
We go on record as having agreed
to financial terms
of a settlement
in the amount of $500,000.
You're very lucky
someone else has picked up
this tab, Ms. Samuels.
Court adjourned.
Actually, I'd like to alert
the court to the fact that,
by agreeing to these terms,
Mr. Tucker has
just gone on record
to paying himself
half of that $500,000.
Judge:
I'm not following.
Neither am i, your honor.
I recently discovered that
Mr. Tucker and Mr. Manning here
are lovers.
Here are e-mails between
Mr. Manning and Mr. Tucker
where they've shared
intimate photos of one another,
as well
as affectionate language.
These are my private e-mails,
your honor.
As the hospital's attorney,
Mr. Tucker
had inside knowledge
as to which cases would force
the hospital to pay out big,
including
a salacious rape charge.
This is slander.
They chose my client
knowing she was timid
and would make an easy mark.
In no way does this prove
that these two men set up
Ms. Samuels for rape.
But they did set up
a joint bank account in mykonos.
Restitution of this size
should last them
quite a while over there.
Ms. winthrop, don't you a think
a motion is in order here?
We would like to file
a motion to dismiss
the charges
against Ms. Samuels.
Granted.
You're free to go.
[ Gavel bangs ]
Asher: You ever think
about changing your name
from winterbottom to "ice cold"?
Because that...
Was balls-out amazing.
I mean, i knew
you could pull it off,
but who knew you'd give them
the old "rope-a-dope."
Oh, come on.
Boxing?
Rumble in the jungle?
[ Sighs ]
Ali leans back on the ropes,
foreman tires himself out.
As soon as he's spent,
Ali comes back to life
and just...
Was that 'cause
you're desperate again, or...?
[ Breathing heavily ]
Michaela: Why did you drag us
all here again?
And please don't tell me
we're celebrating Nate
going to jail for us.
[ Chuckles ]
Oliver wanted to meet you guys.
Your boyfriend knows who we are?
No, and he's not my boyfriend,
but i do like him
and would like
to get laid by him,
so everyone
be on their best behavior.
Oh, and i have a drug problem.
What?
I had to tell Oliver
that i was an addict
so he wouldn't know
that we killed Sam.
So just play along
unless you want to go to jail.
Oh, hey!
Hey!
Michaela:
Oliver, hey!
[ Laughs ]
Wow.
Feels like i just got off
the plane in Hawaii.
Where are the leis?
[ Loud laughter ]
Oliver, meet Laurel,
Michaela, and Wes.
Hey!
Guys, please don't humiliate me.
[ Chuckling ]
Oh, we wouldn't dare.
But seriously, Oliver,
you're all he ever talks about.
"Blah, blah,
Oliver, blah."
Stop it.
No, he doesn't.
And seriously, about
his little drug-problem thing...
Don't worry.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
We're all doing our part
keeping him honest.
Connor: Michaela,
it's time for bed.
Give me a sec.
And when it comes to Connor's
deep and varied
emotional issues...
It's like 300 pages of tax law.
They sprung it on us
this morning,
so I'm... I'm gonna be here
all night.
I'll call you in the morning.
The library lie?
I use that one
on kan sometimes, too.
Is it the nightmares?
Rebecca lied to me.
Rudy... the... the guy
who lived in my apartment?
Mm-hmm.
I got his arrest report today.
She said he had
a... a nervous breakdown,
but actually
it was a drug overdose,
which put him
in a mental institution.
Maybe she didn't know that.
Maybe, but the night
it all happened,
it was the... the same night
Lila was murdered.
You think Rudy had something
to do with Lila's murder?
I don't know.
Sam killed Lila, Wes.
We proved it in court.
What if i was wrong?
You weren't.
But what if i was
and she did it?
Then what we did...
What i did...
Sam dying was his own fault.
But Nate's in jail now.
And... What we're doing
to him is...
What if i was wrong
about her the whole time?
I'll be leaving in the morning.
Shh.
Come on, baby.
Come on.
[ Chuckles ]
Let me at your hair.
Your kitchen is tight.
[ Sniffles ]
Oh, stop it, mama.
Come on, now.
Where's your comb?
Ophelia: Come on.
Mm.
I bought that house
over off peachtree
when i was pregnant with you.
I was so proud of that house.
It wasn't much, but it was mine.
Built a porch swing
and tended a little garden
that was just right out front.
[ Chuckling ] I baked up a storm
on that old stove.
You know the ones that you had
to light with a long match?
[ Chuckles ]
And one winter [Sniffs]
uncle Clyde came by
and said he needed
a place to stay,
just till he got on his feet,
he said.
Can't turn your back
on your family.
And then, one day i woke up
in the middle of the night.
I don't know what it was.
I-i-i just woke up.
I walked down the hall
to look in on you,
and Clyde,
he came out of your room,
and i knew what he had done.
He was a big man.
Loved his liquor and his hooch.
Smoked three packs
of cigarettes a day,
was always stinking up the house
with cigarette smoke.
All the time, he would just
fall asleep on the couch,
a cigarette hanging out
his mouth.
I'd go by and put it out.
Then one night,
not too long after,
he fell asleep on the couch
drunk as a skunk,
that cigarette hanging out
of his mouth.
I got you and your brothers
and sisters out of bed,
and we went over
to aunt Mabel's to sleep.
And that night,
that house that i loved so much
burned to the ground,
and your uncle Clyde
burned right with it.
Oh, i know how... how
you've been torturing yourself
about what went on here, baby.
And maybe you did something
real bad...
I don't know
and don't much care if you did.
I know if you did,
you had your reason.
'Cause sometimes you got to do
what you got to do...
Even if all you've got
is a long match
and a very flammable hooch.
[ Sobs ]
I'm really proud of you.
You didn't have one drink.
And we were at a bar!
I told you.
You don't need to
worry about me anymore.
No, uh, uh.
None of that, drunky.
No.
We've waited long enough.
I want to be boyfriends again.
And i want you
to take all this off.
Come here.
Bring me that hot ass.
Hey. Stop, stop, stop, stop,
stop, stop, stop.
I want this...
And you.
I really do.
[ Chuckles ]
When you're sober.
Mm.
Sleep tight.
I love you.
Laurel:
I've been in Paris, getting
my degree in art history.
We don't have our parents,
and our grandmother,
she didn't want to worry me.
She just thought he was just
really swamped with school,
and Rudy's
always been very private.
We're not that close,
but when i didn't hear
from him over the holidays,
that's when i told my husband
we had to come straightaway.
The police told us he was here.
We require our guests
to show identification.
Of course.
Okay, rena.
Let's go find your brother.
Shouldn't you be in class,
miss Pratt?
I didn't know
if you'd be able to make it,
so i came so i could report
everything that happened.
Bull.
How are we supposed to be okay
with this?
He's innocent.
And black.
Injustices happen in courtrooms
every day in this country.
You never bat an eye.
But...
The only difference here
is you think you had
a direct hand in this one.
That's me.
Which means it's my job
to fix it.
Now go before anyone sees you.
Bailiff: All rise!
Guess what, young man.
You have visitors.
Rudy, did you hear me?
Rudy.
It's so great to see you.
Hey.
What happened to him?
Some trauma, genetics,
drugs, combo of all.
You never really know.
I'll give you
some time together.
Wes.
[ Door opens ]
Liar.
Pleading not guilty,
pretending you didn't do this.
The grieving widow?
Really?
I figured you'd come up with a
more original way to play this.
You think i did this to you?
How stupid would i have to be?
Just enough to think
I'd fall for it.
You had frank plant the ring
in the woods.
Was it your ego?
Is that why you did this?
Because you got fired
looking into Sam?
Or was it for me?
Because you love me?
So much so, you hated the idea
of any other man having me?
Either way, thank you.
That bastard deserved the grave.
Laurel: How about when
the police came?
Do you remember
why they came to get you?
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
Were you with anyone?
Someone you
were doing drugs with, maybe?
Is that why you got upset?
What about this?
You know her, right?
Her name's Rebecca.
Wes... Stop.
Was she with you that night?
Did you do drugs together?
Wet.
What did you say?
Say it again.
Wet.
"Wet"?
The water tank.
A woman's body was found inside
the kappa kappa theta house.
[ Computer beeps ]